#summary Use of optional properties
#labels AdvancedProperties
  *[HowToBasic, Basic use
  *[SplashAbout, Menu page

=How To (Advanced)=

As well as [HowToBasic basic use], you can set the following properties after splash.Create(nil) and before calling splash.!ShowSplash

If you set no properties, !ShowSplash and !ShowAbout will use built-in defaults (and will look quite dull!)

  * *splash.!DelaySeconds*:=3; // OPTIONAL. Default is 2 Seconds
  * *splash.Title*:='My Superb App'; // OPTIONAL. Default is Application Title or Form Caption
  * *splash.!IconFilePath*:='myicon.ico'; // OPTIONAL.  Default is Application.Icon or Form.Icon
  * *splash.!BackGroundImageFilePath*:='splash.jpg'; // OPTIONAL.  Default is no Background Image. Optimal size=320 x 240
  * *splash.!MaskImageFilePath*:='roundedrect.bmp'; // OPTIONAL.
  _!MaskImageFilePath makes a shaped splash form. Optimum source: .BMP image, 2-bit color depth or more, black area=invisible, white area=visible. Size >= 320 x 240_
  _If a jpg file is specified by mistake, it will be converted to a (large filesize 24bbp!) .bmp and saved to disk on first run_
  * *splash.!BackGroundColor*:=clSkyBlue; // OPTIONAL.  Only relavent if no background image specified.  Default is clDefault
  * *splash.!LicenseFilePath*:='gpl.txt'; // OPTIONAL.  Default is for Licence button to be absent on !ShowAbout method
  * *splash.!LicenseType*:='Public GPL License'; // OPTIONAL.  Default is no text
  * *splash.!CreditString*:='Freeware by minesadorada'; // OPTIONAL.  Default is no text
  * *splash.Author*:='Mines A. Dorada'; // OPTIONAL.  Default is boilerplate text in !LicenseFilePath
  * *splash.!SupportContact*:='minesadorada@charcodelvalle.com'; // OPTIONAL.  Default is boilerplate text in !LicenseFilePath

==Making a !MaskImage==
This is how you get a cool-looking shaped Splash window when setting the !MaskImageFilePath property.
===Method 1===
  # In any graphics application, start with a black image of any size (above 320px x 240px)
  # Make a shape in the image with a White brush/paint (this will be the visible area of the Splash screen)
  # Reduce the colour count to 2 (just black and white)
  # Save as a regular Windows Bitmap, and deploy in the same folder as your app
===Method 2===
  # In any graphics application make a JPG graphic using only Black and White
  # In your app, set !MaskImageFilePath to your JPG and run !ShowSplash
  # !SplashAbout will convert your JPG to a BMP (with a warning message)
  # Open the generated BMP in a graphics package and reduce the color count to bring the file size down

The Download package includes a few !MaskImage .BMP files to show an example.

===Showing a License dialog===
  # Set the !LicenseFilePath property to be one of the included text files (gpl.txt, modifiedgpl.txt etc.)  The chosen text file must be deployed in the same folder as your application.
  # Match the !LicenseType property with your chosen license (optional)
_Note:_ The text in the displayed license dialog will use the property values of !CreditString, Author and !SupportContact 